Hello!
My name is Anastasia Kulikova. And today we will do
silver flower bezel if you are interested then stay
with me take two squares of tape
5 cm wide and make a sharp petal
spiral kanzashi
for this we put one triangle in another
grab one edge and roll it up
we put a drop of glue and glue the straw
to the other edge of the tape we reduce the two edges of the triangle
and get a sharp kanzashi petal
with a spiral
we collect a flower from 11 such petals
now from the silver brocade square
5 cm ribbons make sharp petals turned out
kanzashi make 16 of these petals
glue the petals on the base of felt
with a diameter of 6 cm along the edge
make sure the edges of the petals form
even circle of repp tape width
4 cm make a sharp petal
kanzashi total 11 pieces
and glue from between the petals with a spiral
i use shamballa bead as middle
which I safely broke off from the stud
By the way, I often use jewelry with
studs for the middle of my colors
kanzashi glue flower snowflake
to the rim and here's the result done
work look and my other
New Year's Kanzashi look and my other
video tutorials on Christmas decorations
subscribe to the channel not to miss new
video lessons bye